Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-solved-lab-assignment-1
<br>
Goals:1. Understanding of binary search.2. Understanding of maps/permutations, indirection, and swapping.Requirements:1. Write a C program to maintain n counters indexed by 0 .. n-1. n will be the first input value and all counters are initiallyvalued as zero. The following operations will then appear, one per line, in the input:a. 0 – terminate execution.b. 1 – print the counters in ascending index value order as (index, count) pairs. (O(n) time)c. 2 – print the counters in ascending counter value order as (index, count) pairs. (O(n) time)d. 3 i – add one to the counter indexed by i. (O(log n) time)e. 4 i – subtract one from the counter indexed by i. (O(log n) time)f. 5 i j – determine the number of counters whose values are no smaller than i and no larger than j. (O(log n) time)The input will be read from standard input (stdin) as either keyboard typing or as a shell redirect (&lt;) from a file.Prompts/menus are completely unnecessary!2. Submit your program on Blackboard by 10:45 am on September 25. One of the comment lines should indicate thecompilation command used on OMEGA.Getting Started:1. Review binary search and obtain a copy of binarySearchRange.c from the course web page. Code similar to thiswill be useful in implementing operations 3, 4, and 5.2. Your program should dynamically allocate three tables – map, index, and count. (If you wish, the last two tables maybe implemented as an array of structs.) index[i] indicates which of the n counters has its value presently stored ascount[i]. map[i] is used to find the counter with index i, i.e. it is always true that index[map[i]]==i.Operation 2 may be coded as:for (i=0;i&lt;n;i++)printf(“%d %d
”,index[i],count[i]);Operation 1 may be coded as:for (i=0;i&lt;n;i++)printf(“%d %d
”,i,count[map[i]]);3. You should implement and completely debug operation 3 before implementing operation 4.4. Your code must satisfy the indicated time bounds by using binary search when possible.